
ON BOTH:

- can delete quickly
- can open edit modal:
     edit task
     add urgency
     add deadline

- container with 3 buttons under input field: difference between mobile(click) and desktop(hover)
    clear all: same on both, click to clear all tasks --> needs to open modal "are you sure?" then "YES" btn and "NO"
    sorting: different --> read below
    auto emojies: sleeping when deactivated, energetic when activated, but read differene below
    
ON MOBILE:

- container with 3 buttons under input field for
    sorting - needs to be clicked --> opens MODAL with tab with options(ascending, descending, urgency, importance(!))
    auto-emojies - needs to be clicked like on desktop - but, now hover effect with text tab: "activate/deactive auto-emojies"

    

ON DESKTOP:

once user starts typing in input field, new button "more" pops up: can add urgency and deadline
(not possible on mobile due to default keyboard blocking UI, not worth implementing, better to have
more swift ability to add tasks quickly then edit them later)

- container with 3 buttons under input field for
    sorting - needs to be clicked --> opens MODAL with tab with options(ascending, descending, urgency, importance(!))
    auto-emojies - needs to be clicked like on mobile - but has hover effect with text tab: "activate/deactive auto-emojies"



Important feature with urgency: exclamation marks scale 1-3 (!, !!, !!!) will be appended with 
special design that breaks the top-border and animates with glow-effect





.Add sorting functionality (ascending, descending and default) --> based on index as timestamp
. Add clear-all button (deletes all tasks)
. Fix mobile responsiveness (3 dots with small windwow-popup(maybe modal))
. Once user starts typing inside of input field --> make new button popup next to add: "more" where...
    - user can add priority level (exclamation mark-value from 1 to 3 --> icons lighting up functionality)
    - user can add due date (read up on JS-date features)
        if due date is in less than 3 days --> add orange label with due-date warning tag
        if due date is in 1 day -->  add red label with due date in one day
. add progress bar that fills up (percentage of completed tasks)
. activate emojis button (btw add badge('activate emojies?' or 'deactive emojies') on hover on this option)
. make sure there are no bugs in local storage (annoying async hell with timeout)
. use Context API for modal to avoid tasklist <--> editaskmodal <--> modal prop drilling and lifting state twice?
. improve button animations: don't use scale on all of them(add modern hover effects)
. Fix textarea input for modal window?